Meeting Agenda


Date: 24/3-2016

Facilitator: Pontus Thomé

Participants: Michel Folkemark, Pontus Thomé, Viktor Engström, Martin So

1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to 
  continue - (Short clear description ([http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Issue_tracking_system || use an issue tracking system])):

Martin: Set up development environment
Others: RAD & other miscellaneous stuff
All: Think of questions to ask the supervisor in the first meeting
Start working with RAD
Setup development environment
Git workshop

2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting - (Each group member reports outcome of assigned issues, see also 4)):
Michel: Not setup project or worked with git yet, will have that done before next meeting
Martin: Has setup the development environment and completed the Git workshop. Has researched about libGDX.
Viktor: Not started up project or worked with git yet, will do so until next meeting
Pontus: Has setup the development environment and completed the Git workshop. Has not started to research libGDX yet.
All: Some work on RAD has been done & some questions have been thought of.

3. Discussion items (35 min) - (Discuss issues from 1 and 2, possibly new or more general issues (very short notes and/or keywords)):

We discussed the functional requirements and the use cases of the application
We discussed the non-functional requirements of the application

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) - (Outcomes from 3). I.e. write down what's decided and why it was decided? Sync with other documentation (add terms to wordbook))


Everything that we wanted to do from last meeting has been done.

-From outcomes, 1), 2) and 3) (re)assign each group member issues to solve.


Until next meeting the group should have completed the list of use cases and their priority
Michel and Pontus will work on the complete use cases and the use case diagram
Viktor will work on creating a draft for the UI and text to explain it
Michel and Viktor will setup the development environment and complete the Git workshop
Martin will start implementing on a high priority use case

5. Wrap up

-Write down unresolved issues for next meeting:

No unresolved issues from today's meeting

-Time and location for next meeting:


Tisdag 12/4 15:00

